oh it's so
true yeah and I know it I'm like
rediscovering it at this moment
yeah during this coaching session which
happened during one of our live q&as I'm
working with somebody who just got out
of a relationship with a narcissist and
they're trying to figure out how to heal
and how to approach their next
relationship with an open heart it's a
great session in the fact that she finds
her empowerment in the most unexpected
place
I'm not struggling with a question I um
had a narcissistic Dead uh recently I
just stepped out of narcissistic
relationship I'm learning a lot through
what do you mean by narcissistic do you
just mean [__] or no I mean like
narcissistic uh yeah abuse um
okay
um I want to stay really open open for
myself for other people and I'm enjoying
life tremendously and the same time now
I'm struggling with huge fear and
constant watching out for all the
possible signs of narcissists around me
and I notice that my life becomes sort
of hell because of that and at the same
time I know I cannot let it go because
in the whole instruction against
narcissist it's like watch out those red
flags
yeah my question how do I
continue living with my heart open and
not get
not get ruined by
someone cool do me a favor and um just
like go to gallery view and just scan
through the
pictures and I want you ju just for a
minute I want you to just
um I don't want you to try I just want
you to see and tell me who has who has
more narcissistic Tendencies and who has
less who has more narcissistic what
Tendencies and who has
less oh my God I'm not going to damage
people right no you're not gonna say it
out loud you're just gonna
just yeah that I checked um
yeah so you're doing this with a smile
on your face and a
giggle
yeah and and you're probably not doing a
bad job if you've been with a narcissist
you can kind of probably spot
them like at least like oh good
percentage bad percentage low percentage
high percentage all with a smile on your
face so what's what what's the need for
the
defense yeah
the Learned history that it can be too
late with a smile you can step into Qui
some
shet can
you yes confus
yes so you'll so your fear is that
you'll know it and you'll still step
into it is that what you're saying or
what am I missing
I
know how much of this is a fear that
it's just a fear of feeling the hurt
that you already have
suffered huge I am I'm almost will never
ever go to relationship if I have one
chance perent to be with narcissist
again
yeah so I asked the question I want to
make sure that you heard the question
which is how much of your fear of dating
a narcissist is actually just you not
wanting to feel the pain that you've
already suffered like grieve the pain
that's already there
you're answering my
question already you don't have to
answer it I see
it and I want to say at the same time
I'm taking active steps to feel that
grief I know I
know the story I talk about with my
friend whose whole world changed because
he felt the
grief
yeah that grief is already when it's all
the way fell through there's no way you
could even like narcissists will just be
you'll look at them and you'll just be
like
yuck even they're like koi Little
Beginnings oh yeah tell me all about you
that whole stick
see I see even I just did that and I saw
your eyes go
like you know this [__] you know the
game you know it I know yes
yeah so the grief that you're
feeling what's it what's it taking from
you what's it annihilating in
you takes the true Happ goodness for
me
oh it LEDs me to the joy and enjoy the
in
life but not the bottom of that
happiness
so how happy are you now compared to the
end of the narcissistic
relationship I'm so
happy so it's not taking it it's giving
it
tell me if I'm wrong the more grief the
more joy
yeah oh it's so
true yeah and I know it why I'm like
rediscovering it at this moment
yeah yeah you could be like I need to go
find another narcissist so I can have my
heartbreak even more so that I can have
even more [__] Joy
yeah when we when we when we allow our
hearts to break it increases our
capacity for
love it's so weird now I feel my whole
body
sensation
pleasure yeah to feel and meet the grief
yeah that's right
yeah yeah that's
it I want to do one more thing I want to
amp it up just a little bit more because
I See Your Capacity I want you to go
back to the screen I want you to look
around for like the most narcissistic
person that you can
find
okay there's no way that they're going
to get you into their web they don't
even know you're looking at right now
right but I want you to just give them
all the love and joy and pleasure that
you feel and grief all of it just let
them have the whole
thing why do I do
that keep going just keep
going that can't even interact with
you oh don't don't get distant do the
whole thing don't protect yourself the
whole
thing the joy the love the pleasure yeah
the all of it
I feel that I'm pretty quickly losing
interest
yeah
yeah there you go and you they yeah they
can't stop your
joy no and your grief yeah
no beautiful
thank you so much a total pleasure